README.md, before:

# Password Generator

An application to generate a password given certain criteria.


## Description of work performed

Given starter for the beginnings of a password generator. Using the following criteria the goal was to completd JavaScript code to create a functioning application. 


## Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN I need a new, secure password;
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN asked for character types to include in the password
THEN I confirm whether or not to include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```

## Screenshot of page

![Main page for password generator](./Assets/Images/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)


## License

Refer to license listed in Repo.

Commit message:

added description and usage to README file

README.md, after:

# Password Generator

An application to generate a password given certain criteria.


## Description of work performed

I was given starter code and tasked with creating a password generator app. The password generator application allows the user to choose a password from the following criteria:
1. User can choose how many characters the password can be, but must be betweeb 8 and 128 characters in length.
2. User can choose if they would like lowercase letters.
3. User can choose if they would like uppercase letters. 
4. User can choose if they would like to include numbers. 
5. User can choose if they would like to include special characters. 


## Installation

N/A

## Usage

The user starts by clicking on the "Generate Password" button. The user will then be prompted to make a password based off certain criterial. If no criteria is chosen, the user will be prompted to make at lease one character type selection. 
If the chosen character length is below 8 or more than 128 characters, the user will be prompted to choose between 8 and 128 characters. 
Once the given criteria has been chosen, the password will be generated in the container.

## Screenshot of page

![Main page for password generator](./Assets/Images/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)


## License

Refer to license listed in Repo.
